 Which assignment took you the longest to complete?
  The one that took me the longest was Fibonacci. Figuring out how to implement the algorithm took a long time.
 Which assignment was the most difficult?
  The most difficult was the one with the menu. Assignment 7 I think. Conditionals in Assemlby are very difficult for me to understand.
 Which assignment was the easiest?
  The easiest one was assignment 8. Converting numbers is very easy and straightforward to me.
 Of the concepts we covered, which (if any) are you the most confused about still?
  Conditionals and jumping. 
 If we had an extra week to spend on any of the concepts covered in this course, which one would it be?
  Conditionals and jumping.
 Were there any assignments you felt were unnecessarily tedious (not necessarily difficult, but that took too long to complete)
  Not really. The ones that were a little tedious were the ones to learn the most from. And they were not unnecessarily tedious.
 Which assignment was your favorite?
  I liked all of the assignments that involved sorting arrays. Array indexing is something that seems super trivial when using a higher level language, but when we got to handle the indexing using assembly, it really provided a new level of understanding.
 Which assignment do you think you learned the most from?
  Fibonacci. I think the stuff you spend the most time on is the stuff you learn from the most and for me that was the Fibonacci program.
 Were the assignment requirements and due dates clear enough? If not, how so?
  I don't the the assignment requirements and due dates could have been more clear. 
 On a scale of 1-5, rate the difficulty (1=Breating, 5=Exiting Vim) of this course compared to other CIS courses you've taken.
  I would give it a 3. The concepts were more challenging but I think it was presented in a way that was easy to understand. And the assignments did not expect too much from us.
 Was the book used in this course effective/helpful? Would you recommend a different one?
  Yes. Although I think the book was an excellent reference, I don't think it was a good read. It didn't attempt to make some of the concept interesting and tended to be dry. It was very resourceful though.
 Were there any topics that we didn't cover that you would have liked to see included?
  Not any that I can think of. 
 How can this course be improved?
  Maybe offering extra credit to people who turn in work early. I think having everything due at the end of the semester is too lenient (even though it saved my grade this semester) and this is one way I can think of keeping it that way and still offering incentive to finish early.
